this is an efficient shiny in tech
digest and we're here with one of the
new windows seven phones it's the LG
optimus 7 and you see the new windows 7
tile display there and we're just going
to show you three of the key features on
this which make it stand out from the
other five windows seven phones they're
being washed today and there's the play
too smoothly into place there and which
lets you send lets you send a media from
the phone straight to a Wi-Fi connected
device so that need to be so basically
right doesn't work right now fast flip
videos click choose whatever but click
video from this off onto a team awesome
country send pictures and videos and
other interesting feature is a scam
search which is am Microsoft invented
version of layer you augmented reality
platform and going on there and
basically so you hold it up to the
outside world right just seeing an image
there but it's going to pop up with pad
by giggle it's going to hook up with
displays of just information nearby so
cafes nearby whatever looking forward
and interesting feature and finally and
it's got a dinky look thing which lets
do you boys'd a text recognition so okay
can't call it right off our dinner is
well combined it but basically you can
dictate text messages and I'm going to
do so freaky I think it's got an 8
megapixel camera so right fine I think
vixen camera thanks for that it's all
pretty gorgeous and quite large screen
and very glossy very slender as well and
attractive thing that's the end LG
optimus m from voting